DOCS-4982: Security config page update (#17468)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_siem/log_detection_rules.md

## Overview

> To create a new log detection rule in Datadog, navigate to the [**Detection Rules**][6] page and select the **New Rule** button in the top right corner of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a log detection rule in Datadog, navigate to the [**Detection Rules** page][6] and click **New Rule**.
```
